DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: Jon Stauffer

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   Two articles in a top journal (POM), two more in highly respected
    journals (IISE Transactions and Decision Sciences), and another in
    OMEGA

Teaching

-   Excellent student evaluations

Service

-   Journal service with POM, DSJ

-   Professional Society service: secretary at POMS

-   ASCP, and the Supply Chain Consortium

-   Curriculum re-design committee

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty

Research

Excellent (5)

Effective (3)

Teaching

Excellent (7)

Effective

Service

Excellent (7)

Effective

As a colleague

Excellent (7)

Effective

Overall

Excellent (4)

Effective

Comments and feedback

Research: impressive pipeline of papers under review

Teaching: great rating for MS-SCAN

Service: running SCC very well

Collegiality: always pleasant

Research is effective with the potential to become excellent. Nice to
see a very active pipeline.

Nice job with the SC consortium.

Jon has published 5 papers in the last three years: 2 papers in top-tier
journal: POM (2) and 3 other papers in well reputable journals: IISE
(2), DSJ(1).

Six papers are currently under review in top journals and three more
papers to be submitted to the top journals in the near future. I worked
with Jon on server research projects. He is an excellent researcher to
work with. He participates in our PhD program. He and I jointly
guide/direct two PhD students' research projects. He is progressing very
well in this dimension.

He taught two large sections of SCMT 364 (Class size: 350 students).
Overall Instructor means are very good.

Guest Senior Editor, POM since 2023. Provided very good professional
service: Editorial review board of DSJ. Reviewed papers for POM, MSOM,
EJPR, DSJ. 2023-2024: He is currently the Director of supply chain
consortium of INFO 2023-2024.

Secretary of the Production & Operations Management Society (POMS),

Co-Program Chair for the 2025 POMS Annual Conference

Keep up the good work.

Jon does an excellent job in all areas of responsibility. And is a nice
colleague.

Research – Good publication record in top journals. Very deep pipeline.

Teaching – Very strong outcomes overall. Nice commitment to the SCAN
program.

Amazing contributions toward the ASCP/SCC efforts. Excellent
contribution with the Mays curriculum redesign.

Very nice person.

Keep up the great work! Focus on the publications in top journals to
achieve Full.

Keep up the working papers

Keep up the consortium work

Overall: Excellent due to the research pipeline and SCC

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Effective in research

Excellent in teaching

Excellent in service

Your leadership in heading up the Supply Chain Consortium is well
compensated due to the dean’s new compensation structure, but it should
be noted that you agreed to take on the work prior to any knowledge of
the compensation increase. I appreciate you stepping up to run the
center. Everyone is in agreement that you have done an excellent job.

Your willingness to help out with all the “small things” in the
department, like attending events, meeting with speakers at times others
do not want, and generally carrying the service burden is greatly
appreciated.

You have done well in research, but you are a member of a highly
productive department. I judge that your research output for the past
three years ranks you 11^(th) in the department. All the departmental
publications in top journals is posted on the wall outside the 320
suite.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please sign and |
| return to Donna Shumaker.                                            |
|                                                                      |
| ________________________                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
