DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: DJ Lee

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research Five articles published

Teaching good teaching evaluations

Service professional service, undergraduate curriculum committee

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty

Research

Effective (8)

Teaching

Effective (8)

Service

Excellent

Effective (7)

As a colleague

Excellent (5)

Effective (3)

Overall

Excellent

Near Excellent

Effective (4)

Comments and feedback

Teaching: creating a new course

Research is effective for his target journals. Nice to see emerging
collaboration with INFO colleagues.

Thank you for the work on the undergrad re-design team.

Enjoy one on one conversations.

I do not know how to evaluate DJ. He is working with few people in the
department. I believe he will publish in OM.IS area in the near future.

D J is working really hard to transition to our department. He is a
great colleague, and I am glad to see him active on the teaching and
service dimensions. Wish him well on the research front.

Good that you are working on starting up some new projects with our INFO
faculty

Super nice guy

Research: seems you are doing quite a bit of scholarly work

Teaching: keep up the good work

Service: you have largely been over-the-top on this front

Always a pleasant colleague

Overall: Near excellent due to all the ongoing service work

Department Head Assessment

As we have spoken about recently, the faculty and I do not have a solid
grasp on the expectations of your field. It appears to us that you are a
productive scholar worthy of your reduced teaching load. Note the
nominal load of an Associate Professor is six courses per year, with
reductions for research.

Also as we have discussed, it would be great to see you co-author with
departmental faculty and publish in the journals on the dean’s list of
top journals. From an outside perspective, the way Mays will gain
preeminence is by publishing in these journals. We are all glad to see
you start moving in this direction.

Given that you are not used to teaching in a business school, you have
done well in the classroom. However, note that, on the unfair basis of a
comparison of teaching evaluation scores, you rank 24^(th) in the
department.

Service is meant to be 10% of your duties, or approximately 150
hours/year. From your list of service activities, it does not appear
that you are meeting this threshold. However, at this time, rather than
focus on service, I think your time would be better spent on research
and teaching.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please return   |
| the signed form to Donna Shumaker.                                   |
|                                                                      |
| ________________________                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
