DATE: May 13, 2025

TO: TO: Sam Ranzilla

Executive Professor

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity and
Accomplishment Report this spring. The purpose of this memo is to
provide you with my assessment of your performance from January 1, 2024
to December 31, 2024. My assessment is based upon the Mays Guidelines
and will be the basis for any department resource allocation decisions
and for the reappointment decision. Following the Mays Guidelines, the
performance categories are excellent, effective, needs improvement, and
unsatisfactory.

I greatly appreciate your dedication to teaching and student success. It
is clear that you are a dedicated and very caring teacher that provides
an outstanding educational experience for your students. You are
eminently qualified to teach our important auditing classes, which is
reflected in your extremely positive student evaluations during this
past year. I appreciate the way you actively mentor students in your
class and provide guidance on their professional futures. Your
willingness to help them has a significant impact on their lives. Thank
you for investing in our students! In addition to your excellent
teaching, you are also unique as an Academic Professional Track faculty
member who engages in our research workshops very effectively and also
provides meaningful feedback to many of our research faculty in
one-on-one settings. Thank you for the interest you show in our
colleagues’ scholarly activities and for your willingness to help with
providing feedback on research ideas during workshops or in your office.

I am also very grateful that you serve as the advisor for the Aggie
Accounting Association. This group is an important gateway for
recruiting students to the accounting major and making sure they
understand all the career opportunities that are available to them. I
know advising student organizations takes a great deal of time and I am
confident the students benefit greatly from your experience and
mentorship. Thank you for helping them!

AACSB guidelines for maintaining accounting accreditation specify that
all faculty are expected to demonstrate activities that maintain the
currency and relevance of their instruction and that “all accounting
faculty demonstrate sufficient ongoing professional interaction to
support their role in achieving the unit’s mission.” While your current
activities seem more than sufficient, particularly including maintaining
your CPA license, I urge you to be proactive in identifying appropriate
activities in the future to maintain the instructional practice status
for accreditation.

Overall, I assess your teaching and service as excellent. Your
significant experience and investment in student success are a
tremendous asset to our department and students. I am thankful to be
your colleague and am very grateful for the significant impact that you
are having on our students. Please let me know if you have any questions
about my assessment. To that end, please contact Diana Kruse to schedule
a time to meet with me if you would like to discuss my assessment. Thank
you for everything that you do for our students and department!
