DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: Xuying Zhao

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   Three manuscripts published at the high quality journals Mgt Sci and
    ISR

-   A very large pipeline of work under review

Teaching

-   Excellent teaching evaluations

Service

-   Substantial journal service

-   Attendance at departmental events

-   Hiring committee chair

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty

Research

Excellent (8)

Teaching

Excellent (6)

Effective (2)

Service

Effective (8)

As a colleague

Excellent (5)

Effective (3)

Overall

Excellent (4)

Effective

Comments and feedback

Research: good recent year, impressive pipeline of papers under review
and in development

Teaching: PhD students praised her seminar

Service: editorial service, just joined PhD committee.

Nice to see the three publications in 2024 and very nice pipeline.

Very nice colleague.

Xuying has published three top-tier papers in the last three years
(2022-2024): MS(2), ISR(1).

Teaching rating are very good.

She does a lot of professional service.

Xuying is building an enviable research record. We were lucky to recruit
her from Notre Dame.

Strong research plus strong pipeline. Lots of work in progress. Great
job overall.

Congratulations on your impending promotion

Teaching: keep up the good work

Service: welcome to being full and having so much more coming your way

Keep up the research

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Excellent in research

Excellent in teaching

Effective in service

Congratulations on your promotion to Full Professor.

Your level of research productivity – 3 “A” journal articles in 3 years
– is rated as “Excellent”. However, you are in a group of high
achievers. You have seen the collective publications of the faculty –
they are publicly posted on the wall outside suite 320. Your
productivity, though high, rates 7^(th) for the group in the past three
years. However, given your enormous number of projects under advanced
review, I expect that you will be increasing your departmental rank
shortly. Your pipeline of work looks truly remarkable.

On the extremely unfair metric of average teaching evaluations, you do
extremely well – a 4.70 average, ranking 3^(rd) in the department. Your
teaching excellence is appreciated.

We have an overall departmental strategy of “owning” the POMS society.
Your journal and conference work greatly assists in this strategy.

Our PhD program has not done well the past few years. I am hoping that
your inclusion on the PhD committee can turn that around. Also, that you
for stepping up to guide the faculty search. That is a time consuming
task that few wish to take on, but a very important one.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please sign and |
| return to Donna Shumaker.                                            |
|                                                                      |
| ________________________                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
