DATE: April 22, 2025

TO: Anupam Agrawal

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   One published manuscript in a journal on the Dean’s “top journals”
    list. Another publication in EJOR. Two more publications in
    materials science journals that are difficult for us to judge.

-   Several articles under review, but you did not inform us as to where
    and what stage.

Teaching

-   Unfortunately, four sections of teaching due to your MBA course
    having zero enrollment the year before. As usual, course evaluations
    above the departmental average, and a great job done in the
    classroom.

-   Three new case studies written

Service

-   Work with INFORMS professional society

-   TAMU grievance committee and other TAMU committees

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty:

Research

Effective (5)

Needs improvement (3)

Teaching

Excellent (7)

Effective

Service

Effective (5)

Needs Improvement (3)

As a colleague

Effective

Needs Improvement (5)

Overall

Effective (4)

Needs improvement

Comments and feedback

Research: more targets in our major UT-D journals would make a strong
case to advance to full

Teaching: Solid overall as usual

Research is paramount but more service would be good

Needs Improvement to make a case for full

Research: disappointing pace

Teaching: high ratings, but high GPRs

Service: Journal or conference service would help.

needs to focus on INFO targeted A journals.

no departmental service and no journal editorial responsibilities.

Collegiality: N/A; have not interacted with him in the last year.

Anupam has published 2 papers in OM area in the last three years
(2022-2022): One top-tier (1 POM) and one other papers in well reputable
journal: EJOR (1).

Anupam may reach out to his colleagues and develop a cordial working
relationship with his colleagues. Department/Dean office may facilitate
this process.

Despite his enormous talents, Dr. Agrawal continues to struggle in his
approach to collegiality. If he is able to find a way to be more
relatable as a colleague, I believe he has the potential to be one of
the finest in INFO. There are plenty of colleagues who would love to
work with him if he is able to collaborate.

Service: Needs Improvement – please get more involved

Students seem to like what he is delivering during the undergraduate
classes.

For promotion to full, probably needs to refocus back toward top OM/SCM
journals.

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Needs improvement in research

Excellent in teaching

Needs Improvement in service

The standard stated by the dean for receiving two months of summer pay
is two articles in the past five years in journals on the dean’s top
journal list. I count three articles for you: POM 2020, MSOM 2021, and
POM 2023.

However, you are a member of a highly productive department. For this
three year time period for this review, I judge that your research
record ranks 20^(th) among the scholars in our department. The list of
all departmental publications in top journals has been sent to you
previously. You have clearly been working at more, noting the sheer
number of working papers you report. Hopefully you will find success
with these in the years ahead.

Your research work in Materials Science clearly is a major intellectual
thrust for you. Perhaps it will yield breakthrough results. However, for
the purposes of the path to preeminence that is sought by our dean, the
do not help Mays being viewed as a leader among business schools. I note
that when you first joined us, you segregated them among your
publications, and informed me that you only worked on such research
after regular working hours.

It quite surprised me that your MBA elective class had no MBA student
enrollment last year. You deliver high quality instruction in all of
your classes. Your continued case writing is applauded.

As a rule for time commitment, service is supposed to account for 10% of
your work hours. Since you are paid 11 months, this would be about 185
hours of service work each year. Several of our faculty do more than
double that amount of service. I do not believe your reported service
activities are close to engaging with that order of magnitude of time.
As a department we have strongly engaged with the Production and
Operations Management Society. Activities with their conference, the POM
journal, or POMS leadership are especially encouraged. You are one of
only two tenured Supply Chain professor here who does not have a role in
editorship with our top journals.

You are a highly intelligent, accomplished, and hard-working individual.
As evidenced by the vote of the Full Professors regarding collegiality,
it is widely felt that you have divorced yourself from the department. I
hope you chose to reunite with us.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please return   |
| this form to Donna Shumaker.                                         |
|                                                                      |
| __________________________                                           |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
