DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: Tony Arreola-Risa

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   One article in a top journal, three other publications in other
    journals. Two new book editions.

-   Several articles under review or in the planning stages

Teaching

-   Student voted on teaching award. For 2025, the POMS teaching award.

-   Overall course evaluations rank 7^(th) in the department

Service

-   MS-SCAN admissions

-   CHI board

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty:

Research

Effective (7)

Needs Improvement

Teaching

Excellent (7)

Effective

Service

Effective (6)

Needs Improvement (3)

As a colleague

Excellent (5)

Effective (3)

Overall

Effective (5)

Comments and feedback

Research is heading in the right direction

Good teaching, as always

Service needs improvement. consider conference or society participation,
e.g., session chair, track chair, society officer

Research is effective to maintain rank and academic viability.

Consider getting involved in conference organization or more service at
the departmental level.

Tony has published 4 papers in the last three years: 1 paper is in
top-tier journal publication: POM (1).

Teaching ratings are excellent

He does few professional services.

We encourage Tony to focus more on his research and publish more in in
top-tier journals.

It is a pleasure to have Tony in the department. He is always positive
and delightful to be around. It is gratifying to see his progress on
research in the last couple of years.

Please get more involved in our societies and department activities

Great job of collaborating with Bo Li

Teaching – Consistently at the top

Always enjoy chatting with Tony

Research: a resurgence!

Service: Needs improvement, but research is the first priority

Always a pleasant face

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Effective in research

Excellent in teaching

Needs Improvement in service

The standard stated by the dean for receiving two months of summer pay
is two articles in the past five years in journals on the dean’s top
journal list. I count one article for you: POM 2022. Your NRL article is
not to be ignored, as NRL is a high quality journal, but it is not on
the dean’s list.

You are a member of a highly productive department. For this three year
time period for this review, I judge that your research record ranks
18^(th) among the scholars in our department. The list of all
departmental publications in top journals has been sent to you
previously, and is posted on the wall opposite suite 320. You have
clearly been working at more, noting the sheer number of working papers
you report. Hopefully you will find success with these in the years
ahead.

You have won yet another undergraduate student voted on teaching award.
My congratulations.

As a rule for time commitment, service is supposed to account for 10% of
your work hours. Since you are paid 11 months, this would be about 185
hours of service work each year. Several of our faculty do more than
double that amount of service. I do not believe your reported service
activities are close to engaging with that order of magnitude of time.
As a department we have strongly engaged with the Production and
Operations Management Society. Activities with their conference, the POM
journal, or POMS leadership are especially encouraged. You are one of
only two tenured Supply Chain professors here who does not have a role
in editorship with our top journals.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please sign and |
| return to Donna Shumaker.                                            |
|                                                                      |
| _________________________                                            |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

Form filled out by each Full Professor faculty member

Annual performance review:

Faculty being reviewed:

Please rate this individual’s performance along each dimension. Under
Mays guidelines rating descriptors are: “Excellent” “Effective” “Needs
Improvement” “Unsatisfactory”.

Research

Teaching

Service

As a colleague

Overall
