DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: Bin Zhang

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   Three manuscripts published at the high quality journals MSOM, ISR,
    and POM

Teaching

-   No teaching in the calendar year 2023

Service

-   Substantial journal service

-   Attendance at departmental events

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty

Research

Excellent (3)

Effective (5)

Teaching

Excellent

Very good

Effective (6)

Service

Very good

Effective (6)

Needs improvement

As a colleague

Excellent (8)

Overall

Effective (2)

Excellent (3)

Comments and feedback

Teaching award from MS MIS online.

Service: we will expect more now that he is an associate.

Research: Nice pipeline.

Teaching: Needs to improve the student response rate.

Service: time to step up now that you have tenure.

Bin has published two top-tier papers in the last three years
(2022-2024): POM(1), ISR(1).

Best Professor, Online MS-MIS Program

Teaching rating are very good.

Bin needs to find a way to encourage his students to complete the
evaluations. The response rate has been low. He is great colleague and
an excellent team player.

time to step up in professional societies and reviewing

Some of the student evaluations appear low. Perhaps focus a bit more on
ensuring what is delivered is consistent with student aims.

Now after tenure, must expect to do more service load.

Nice to see pubs getting through

Excellent to get the award for teaching!

More service is coming your way

Always among the most pleasant colleagues to be around

keep up the research!

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Effective in research

Effective in teaching

Effective in service

I greatly appreciate that you have integrated yourself into the
department. Your energy and enthusiasm are infectious. You make the
department better through your personality.

In past years, your level of research productivity – 2 “A” journal
articles in 3 years – would have been rated as “Excellent”. However, you
are in a group of high achievers. You have seen the collective
publications of the faculty – they are posted on the wall outside suite
320. Your productivity, though high, rates 13^(th) for the group in the
past three years.

I was heartened to see you with the online MS program “best professor”
award. That has been a difficult program for us to have teaching success
in. Many of colleagues have done poorly.

I am glad to see you taking a role in our PhD program. This program has
had difficult times the past few years. Hopefully you can find new
sources of students. Now that you have joined the ranks of the tenured,
let me know what service opportunities you would like to engage in.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please sign and |
| return to Donna Shumaker.                                            |
|                                                                      |
| ________________________                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
