DATE: May 15, 2025

TO: Sarah Stuber

Associate Professor

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review of Progress Towards Tenure

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity and
Accomplishment Report. This evaluation covers your performance in
research, teaching, and service from January 1, 2024, to December 31,
2024. Following Mays Business School Faculty Guidelines, this annual
review is conducted by the tenured professors of the department and
performance is assessed using the categories of excellent, effective,
needs improvement, and unsatisfactory.

The tenured professors thoughtfully reviewed your annual report and
vita. Their insights into your accomplishments and progress towards
tenure serve as an important input to my evaluation. This assessment of
your accomplishments, considered within the context of our school and
department goals, informs departmental resource allocation decisions.

Research

As always, I am very grateful for your work ethic and collegiality. You
have a tremendous impact on our department’s research culture through
your active participation in workshops, investment in PhD students, and
through informal discussions with faculty colleagues and PhD students.
Your research productivity is exceptional and helps set the standard for
our department. It is both notable and exciting that you have recently
had three manuscripts accepted for publication (one at The Accounting
Review and two at the Review of Accounting Studies). Further, it is very
impressive that you have published five manuscripts in top-tier journals
in the last three years, including two this year. Congratulations! It is
also very positive that you have a robust pipeline of working papers
that are either under review or targeted at top-tier journals, including
three that have received a second-round revise-and-resubmit decision,
two at The Accounting Review and one at Management Science. Your
research pipeline reflects your strong work ethic and commitment to
research excellence. I am also very grateful for your continued
investment in our PhD students and willingness to mentor/help all of our
PhD students, regardless whether they are formally assigned to you.
Finally, it is very positive that you have clearly established a
national reputation for research excellence as evidenced by workshops
invitations at peer institutions, reviewing for top scholarly journals,
and membership on the editorial boards of The Accounting Review and
AUDITING: A Journal of Practice and Theory. Based on the Mays
Guidelines, I assess your research performance as excellent.

Teaching

I am very grateful for your commitment to our students and your
teaching. Your very positive student evaluations reflect that you are an
impactful and caring teacher. As you know, ACCT 327 is a very important
class in our department, and I am very grateful for the way you invest
in constantly striving to improve the educational experience for your
students. I especially appreciate you helping us track the performance
of students that move directly from ACCT 229 to ACCT 327. Your feedback
has been instrumental in helping us shape the path forward for our
course sequencing. You clearly connect well with our students, and they
respond very positively to what you are doing in the classroom. You are
clearly one of the star teachers in our department and I am very
grateful. I am also very grateful for your willingness to teach in the
EMBA and PMBA programs. These programs are critical to the reputation
and success of the college, and it is very important to have our best
faculty, such as yourself, teaching in the programs. I am delighted, but
not surprised, by your very positive teaching evaluation and written
comments. Your ability to teach in a wide variety of programs is rare
and we are very grateful for the investment you make in all our
students. Based on the Mays Guidelines and your student evaluations, I
assess your teaching as excellent.

Service

I appreciate that you have continued in a larger service role that is
consistent with what is expected of an associate professor. I especially
appreciate your leadership of our workshops series, which is a
significant responsibility and is critical to helping maintain our
research culture and enhance our national reputation. I know it takes a
great deal of work and appreciate you serving the department in this
important role. I am also grateful for your willingness to help with
faculty recruiting. I respect and value your opinion on faculty recruits
and your involvement is critical to shaping the future of our faculty.
Based on the Mays Guidelines, I assess your service as excellent.

Summary

As you know, I met with the tenured faculty to discuss the progress of
associate professors toward promotion to full professor. Based upon a
review of your Professional Activity and Accomplishment Report and your
vita, the consensus of the tenured faculty is that you are above
trajectory toward promotion to full professor. The full professors
consistently commented on your research productivity, your excellent
teaching, and mentorship to students and junior faculty. They described
you as a great colleague. I agree with the full professor’s assessment.
You make extraordinary contributions to our department on all possible
dimensions and are an outstanding colleague that has an extremely
positive impact on the culture of our department.

I concur with your short-term and long-term goals and hope you know that
I will fully support you however I can. I appreciate your many
contributions towards the goals of the department, and I hope that you
have an enjoyable, productive year ahead. I am grateful to be your
colleague! Please let me know if you have any questions regarding my
assessment.
