DATE: May 13, 2025

TO: TO: Amy Hurta

Lecturer

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity and
Accomplishment Report this spring. The purpose of this memo is to
provide you with my assessment of your performance from January 1, 2024
to December 31, 2024. My assessment is based upon the Mays Guidelines
and will be the basis for any department resource allocation decisions
and for the reappointment decision. Following the Mays Guidelines, the
performance categories are excellent, effective, needs improvement, and
unsatisfactory.

I am incredibly grateful for your dedication to teaching and student
success. It is obvious that you care deeply about your students and your
positive attitude and enthusiasm for teaching have a significant impact
on our department. Your communications course (ACCT 489) is very
important and I am delighted by your very positive teaching evaluations.
The student comments were outstanding and reflect the level care that
you have for your students. I am also very grateful that you taught ACCT
405 during spring 2024. I enjoyed teaching the class with you and your
evaluations suggest that you created a great learning experience for our
students during a critical semester in their education. I know teaching
a new class takes a great deal of time and I appreciate you being
willing to teach Introduction to Tax and doing such a great job! I am
also very grateful that you are willing to teach ACCT 405 in Fall 2025.
I am looking working to teaching the course with you!

I am also very grateful for your willingness to teach both Partnership
Taxation (ACCT 689/612) and Communications (ACCT 689/664) in the Flex
Online MS Accounting program. I recognize the significant time that the
Flex Online development process takes in addition to the time spent
teaching the course. I am very grateful that you are willing to be such
a significant part of the Flex Online program. It is very impactful to
have our best faculty, such as yourself, involved in the program. Your
willingness to teach multiple classes across different mediums is a huge
help to the department and is very much appreciated. Thank you for being
a dedicated and caring teacher that invests in your students!

I appreciate that you are actively seeking service opportunities at both
the department and college level. I appreciate you discussing the tax
track PPA students this past summer and mentoring students through BUSN
101. I think it is wonderful that you volunteered to proctor exams for
the Student Testing Center during final exams. Thank you for
enthusiastically serving the department and college in so many different
ways.

AACSB guidelines for accreditation maintenance specify that all faculty
are expected to demonstrate activities that maintain the currency and
relevance of their instruction, and that “all accounting faculty
demonstrate sufficient ongoing professional interaction to support their
role in achieving the unit’s mission.” While your current activities
seem more than sufficient particularly including maintaining your CPA
license, I urge you to be proactive in identifying appropriate
activities in the future to maintain the instructional practice status
for accreditation.

Based on the Mays Guidelines, I assess your teaching and service as
excellent. I support your stated goals, especially your goal of
continuing to evaluate and improve the courses that you teach and to
expand ACCT 421 into a three hour course. I greatly appreciate the many
significant contributions that you make to our department. I encourage
you to continue to seek mentoring from more experienced instructors and
to attend appropriate teaching workshops to further build your teaching
skills as well as share your expertise with others. I am grateful to be
your colleague and am very excited about the impact that you are having
on our students! Please let me know if you have any questions about my
assessment. To that end, please contact Diana Kruse to schedule a time
to meet with me if you would like to discuss my assessment. Thank you
for everything that you do for our students and department!
