DATE: May 15, 2025

TO: Antonis Kartapanis

Associate Professor

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review of Progress Towards Tenure

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity and
Accomplishment Report. This evaluation covers your performance in
research, teaching, and service from January 1, 2024, to December 31,
2024. Following Mays Business School Faculty Guidelines, this annual
review is conducted by the tenured professors of the department and
performance is assessed using the categories of excellent, effective,
needs improvement, and unsatisfactory.

The tenured professors thoughtfully reviewed your annual report and
vita. Their insights into your accomplishments and progress towards
tenure serve as an important input to my evaluation. This assessment of
your accomplishments, considered within the context of our school and
department goals, informs departmental resource allocation decisions.

Research

As always, I am very grateful for your work ethic and collegiality. You
have a tremendous impact on our department’s research culture through
your active participation in workshops, investment in PhD students, and
through informal discussions with faculty colleagues and PhD students.
It is both notable and exciting that you have published three
manuscripts in top tier journals in the last three years, including two
top-tier publications this year. Congratulations! It is also very
positive that you have a robust pipeline of working papers that are
either under review or targeted at top-tier journals, including one that
has received a second-round revise-and-resubmit decision at The
Accounting Review. Your research pipeline reflects your strong work
ethic and commitment to research excellence. I am also very grateful for
your continued investment in our PhD students and willingness to
mentor/help all of our PhD students, regardless whether they are
formally assigned to you. Finally, it is a very positive sign that you
are invited to present at peer/aspirant schools, such as The Ohio State
University, and are invited to present your work at both invitation-only
conferences as well as top AAA conferences (e.g., FARS Midyear). I
believe these invitations reflect the strong, national reputation you
are developing as a prolific researcher with a commitment to excellence.
Based on the Mays Guidelines, I assess your research performance as
excellent.

Teaching

Based on the Mays Guidelines and your very positive teaching evaluations
and written comments, I assess your teaching performance as excellent. I
very much appreciate the continued effort that you have put into
developing and executing ACCT 647. You are obviously a very caring
teacher that creates an outstanding learning experience for your
students. ACCT 647 is a critical course in both the PPA and MS ACCT
programs because it provides our students with coding skills that will
accelerate their careers. This class represents the type of excellence
that our department is known for. Thank you! Based on the Mays
Guidelines and your evaluations, I assess your teaching as excellent.

Service

We, of course, want your service activities to be limited at this time
in your career. However, it is also appropriate that you begin to take
on modest service responsibilities. It is appropriate that you are
serving on the PhD committee and heavily involved in the PhD program
across the spectrum of program activities. I am very grateful for your
willingness to teach Python to our students and am confident that
because of your investment, our PhD program is going to take the next
step in terms of helping our students succeed. I am also grateful for
your willingness to help with faculty recruiting. I respect and value
your opinion on faculty recruits and your involvement is critical to
shaping the future of our faculty. Finally, I appreciate your
willingness to serve on the Mays Database Review Committee. Based on the
Mays Guidelines, I assess your service as effective.

Summary

As you know, I met with the tenured faculty to discuss the progress of
associate professors toward promotion to full professor. Based upon a
review of your Professional Activity and Accomplishment Report and your
vita, the consensus of the tenured faculty is that you are on trajectory
toward promotion to full professor. The full professors consistently
commented on your research productivity, your excellent teaching, and
mentorship to students and junior faculty. They described you as a great
colleague. I agree with the full professor’s assessment. You make
extraordinary contributions to our department on all possible dimensions
and are an outstanding colleague that has an extremely positive impact
on the culture of our department.

I concur with your short-term and long-term goals and hope you know that
I will fully support you however I can. I appreciate all of your
contributions towards the goals of the department, and I hope that you
have an enjoyable, productive year ahead. I am grateful to be your
colleague! Please let me know if you have any questions regarding my
assessment.
