DATE: May 14, 2025

TO: Eunjee Kim

Assistant Professor

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review of Progress Towards Tenure

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity Report. This
evaluation covers your performance in research, teaching, and service
from January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. Following Mays Business
School Faculty Guidelines, this annual review is conducted by the
tenured faculty of the department and performance is assessed using the
categories of excellent, effective, needs improvement, and
unsatisfactory.

The tenured faculty thoughtfully reviewed your annual report and vita.
Their insights into your accomplishments and progress towards tenure
serve as an important input to my evaluation. This assessment of your
accomplishments, considered within the context of our school and
department goals, informs both departmental resource allocation and your
annual reappointment as an assistant professor.

I am very grateful with your work ethic, research success, and
collegiality. You make a significant contribution to the research
culture in our department through your active participation in workshops
and through informal discussions with faculty colleagues and PhD
students. It is both notable and exciting that your dissertation was
accepted for publication at The Accounting Review this past year.
Congratulations! It is also notable that you have two additional
manuscripts that are under late stage reviews, on with a third-round
revise-and-resubmit decision at the Journal of Accounting and Economics
and another with a second-round revise-and-resubmit decision at the
Journal of Accounting Research as well as three other papers that you
are targeting for submission at top journals. It is also very positive
that you are establishing a national reputation as evidenced by your
participation in a wide variety of conferences and presenting at other
institutions (e.g., Cornell brownbag and the Haskayne and Fox Accounting
Conference). Based on the Mays Guidelines, I assess your research
performance as effective.

Based on the Mays Guidelines and your teaching evaluations, I your
assess teaching as effective. You teach an important course in our
department, ACCT 327, and I appreciate your efforts to provide a
positive learning experience for your students. It is clear that you
care deeply about your students and that your efforts are paying off. I
encourage you to continue to work closely with other experienced
instructors in the course and to seek their advice when you need it. As
far as service expectations, we of course want your service activities
to be limited at this important time in your career, and I believe that
it is appropriate for you to work with PhD students, to serve on the PhD
Committee, meet with workshops guests and faculty recruits. Based on the
Mays Guidelines, I assess your service as effective.

As you know, I met with the tenured faculty to discuss the progress of
assistant professors toward tenure. Based upon a review of your
Professional Activity and Accomplishment Report and your vita, the
consensus of the tenured faculty is that you are on trajectory toward
achieving a tenurable record. The consensus was that your success in
publishing your work in the top scholarly journals will be critical to a
positive tenure decision. I concur with the overall evaluation of the
committee and with your current goals. I encourage you to continue to
focus on publishing impactful research in our top journals and will
support you however I can.

I appreciate your efforts toward achieving your goals and the goals of
our department, and I hope you have an enjoyable and productive year
ahead. Please let me know if you have any questions about my assessment
and contact Diana Kruse if you would like to schedule a time to meet
with me. Thank you again for everything that you do for our department.
I am grateful to be your colleague!
