DATE: May 14, 2025

TO: Kimmie Munevar

Assistant Professor

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review of Progress Towards Tenure

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity Report. This
evaluation covers your performance in research, teaching, and service
from January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. Following Mays Business
School Faculty Guidelines, this annual review is conducted by the
tenured faculty of the department and performance is assessed using the
categories of excellent, effective, needs improvement, and
unsatisfactory.

The tenured faculty thoughtfully reviewed your annual report and vita.
Their insights into your accomplishments and progress towards tenure
serve as an important input to my evaluation. This assessment of your
accomplishments, considered within the context of our school and
department goals, informs both departmental resource allocation and your
annual reappointment as an assistant professor.

I am very pleased with your work ethic and collegiality. You have added
to the research culture in our department through your active
participation in workshops and through informal discussions with faculty
colleagues and PhD students. It is notable that you published a paper in
The Accounting Review in 2023 and have a mature pipeline of papers that
are either under review at top journals or targeted at top journals as
well as projects at an early stage of development. I strongly encourage
you to continue to focus on moving your research projects through the
review process at the top scholarly journals. It is also very positive
that you have been asked to be a discussant at the CFEA Conference,
which signals that you are developing a national reputation for research
excellence. Based on the Mays Guidelines, I assess your research
performance as effective.

While you did not teach a course during 2024, it is obvious from our
discussions this past spring that you put a great deal of effort into
making sure our students have an outstanding learning experience. It is
clear that you care deeply about your students and their success. ACCT
229 is the “front door” to our department and especially to the PPA
program. I encourage you to continue to work closely with other
experienced instructors that teach the course and to seek their advice
when you need it. Based on the Mays Guidelines and your teaching
evaluations, I assess your teaching as effective. We, of course, want
your service activities to be limited at this time in your career, and I
believe that it is appropriate that you are serving on the PhD
committee, involved in informally mentoring PhD students, and being
involved in faculty and PhD student recruiting. Based on the Mays
Guidelines, I assess your service as effective.

As you know, I met with the tenured faculty to discuss the progress of
assistant professors toward tenure. Based upon a review of your
Professional Activity and Accomplishment Report and your vita, the
consensus of the tenured faculty is that you are on trajectory toward
achieving a tenurable record. The consensus was that your success in
publishing your work in the top scholarly journals will be critical to a
positive tenure decision. I concur with the overall evaluation of the
committee and with your current goals. I encourage you to continue to
focus on publishing impactful research in our top journals and will
support you however I can.

I appreciate your efforts toward achieving your goals and the goals of
our department, and I hope you have an enjoyable and productive year
ahead. Please let me know if you have any questions about my assessment
and contact Diana Kruse if you would like to schedule a time to meet
with me. Thank you again for everything that you do for our department.
I am grateful to be your colleague!
