

MAYS BUSINESS SCHOOL 
Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance 
 
 
James R. Brown  
Jeanne & John R. Blocker Chair in Business Administration 
Professor and Department Head 
 
Wehner Building  
4113 TAMU 
College Station, TX 77843-4113 
 
Tel. 979.845.3514   
jrbrown@tamu.edu 
 
 
MEMORANDUM 
 
TO:  Jing Huang, Assistant Professor, Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance 
FROM: Jamie Brown, Head, Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance  
SUBJECT: Annual Performance Review: January 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024 
 
Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the performance of all faculty be reviewed on an 
annual basis.  As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the purposes of the annual performance 
review include: 
• Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation recommendations 
• Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is currently performing 
• Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty member’s contribution may be 
enhanced and/or improved in the future 
• Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion and/or tenure as relevant 
 
Further, the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines define four levels of performance for the key dimensions 
across which performance is reviewed. These levels of performance are: 
• Excellent performance: a high level of performance that meets and exceeds norms and expectations and that is 
reflected by substantive indicators of excellence; 
• Effective performance: performance that meets norms and expectations and that is reflected by substantive 
indicators of effective performance; 
• Needs improvement performance: performance that falls below norms and expectations of effective 
performance as reflected by substantive indicators of needs improvement performance; 
• Unsatisfactory performance: performance that falls below norms and expectations of excellent, effective, and 
needs improvement performance as reflected by substantive indicators of unsatisfactory performance. 
 
This letter serves as your performance review for the 2024 calendar year. The following reflects information provided in 
your  Faculty  180  submission.  In  addition, the  tenured  Finance  faculty  had  the  opportunity to  review  your  annual  report 
(containing detailed information about your research, teaching, and service) and current resume and provided me with their 
assessment and feedback.  In the sections below, I first briefly summarize the main contributions you have made in each 
area, present the assessment of the tenured faculty, and provide my own independent assessment. 
 
Jamie Brown (May 29, 2025 11:17 CDT)

 
 
Page 2 of 4 
Research 
Highlights of your research activity during the three-year evaluation window include: 
• You have received one acceptance in the Journal of Financial Economics, a top-tier finance journal.  
• You have two papers that reached the revise-and-resubmit stage at top-tier finance journals. The first paper was 
conditionally accepted by the Journal of Financial Economics in April 2025. The second paper, which is your solo 
work, is currently at the revise-and-resubmit stage at the Review of Financial Studies. You also have four other 
manuscripts in process. 
• You have presented your work at leading academic conferences and top universities. You also have served as a 
discussant at various reputable conferences. 
 
Teaching 
• During the spring semester of 2024, you taught three sections of FINC 381 (FINC 642). Your teaching evaluation 
scores were at or slightly below the department average. Your course materials, including slides and exams, 
demonstrate academic rigor.  
 
Service   
• In 2024, you served as a member of the PG&E Seminar Committee, where you played a key role in organizing the 
seminar series. Additionally, you have served as a reviewer for top finance and economics journals and reputable 
conferences, and you have actively participated in the faculty recruiting process.  
 
Tenured Faculty Assessment 
As you will see below, all nine voting members of the tenured faculty rated your research performance as “excellent.” We 
are delighted that you have one acceptance and one conditional acceptance both at the Journal of Financial Economics. It 
is worth noting that your accepted paper, “Open Banking: Credit Market Competition when Borrowers Own the Data”, has 
already garnered a high level of citations (234 citations on Google Scholar). We recommend that you prioritize converting 
the conditional acceptance (“Bank Competition with Specialized Lenders”) as soon as possible. 
Additionally, to earn tenure, it is important to demonstrate the independent ability to publish in leading journals, such as 
through  a  single-author  paper  or  a  paper  coauthored  with  students  or  other  junior  faculty. Your solo work, “Fintech 
Expansion,” is currently at the revise and resubmit stage at the Review of Financial Studies, which is great. We recommend 
that you prioritize converting this paper as well.  
Your mid-term review will take place during the fall semester of 2025. Given your excellent research outputs mentioned 
above, we are confident that you have met the research requirements for the mid-term review. However, please be mindful 
that your mandatory promotion and tenure review will take place during the 2027-2028 academic year, which is just over 
two years from now. In addition to converting your conditional acceptance at the Journal of Financial Economics and the 
revise and resubmit at the Review of Financial Studies, you will need at least one more publication in journals of this caliber 
by the time you go up for tenure. Given the long lead time in the publication process, we encourage you to begin getting 
your other papers under review. While it’s great that you are presenting these papers at top conferences and universities to 
gather feedback, we recommend that you start submitting these papers, especially the more mature ones, to top-tier finance 
journals (i.e., Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, Journal of Financial and 
Quantitative Analysis, Management Science, and Review of Finance) as soon as possible.  
You  taught  three  sections  of  FINC  381  (FINC  642),  and  your  teaching  evaluation  scores  were  at  or  slightly  below  the 
department average. Your course materials, including slides and exams, reflect academic rigor. Additionally, you made a 
concerted effort to incorporate relevant news and cutting-edge research into your teaching, which adds significant value for 
students.  

 
 
Page 3 of 4 
Nine  of  the  tenured  faculty  rated your teaching performance as “effective.” To further enhance the student learning 
experience, we  encourage you to consider two constructive  suggestions  from students: (1) thoroughly explaining course 
expectations at the beginning of the semester, and (2) explaining difficult topics in a more structured and clear manner.  
You served as a member of the PG&E Seminar Committee, where you played a key role in organizing the seminar series. 
Additionally, you have served  as a  reviewer for top finance  and economics  journals and reputable conferences, and  you 
have actively participated in the faculty recruiting process. Your service work is greatly appreciated. Nine of the tenured 
faculty rated your service performance as “effective.” Please note that we do not expect assistant professors to take on heavy 
service responsibilities prior to earning tenure.  
The tenured faculty regard you as a highly collegial colleague, and we believe the department greatly benefits from your 
presence. We encourage you to continue actively participating in departmental activities when possible.   
 
Ratings (votes) from Tenured Faculty 
Research: Excellent (9) 
Teaching: Effective (9) 
Service: Effective (9) 
As a colleague: Excellent (9) 
Overall: Excellent (9) 
 
Additional Comments from Tenured Faculty 
• Her research performance is excellent. Happy to see her achievements.  
• She is presenting and discussing at many reputable conferences and giving seminars at top universities, which is 
great. 
• Her paper, “Optimal Stress Tests in Financial Networks,” was submitted to top economic journals. However, I 
believe it is time for her to submit it to top finance journals, especially since she will be up for tenure in two years.  
 
Department Head Assessment 
I agree with the assessment of the tenured faculty. You had an excellent year. Congratulations on the conditional acceptance 
at the JFE and the new R&R at the RFS! You are in great shape for your mid-term review in Fall 2025, but of course your 
mandatory review in 2027-28 will be here before you know it. I fully support your (aggressive) goal of converting your 
R&Rs,  submitting  your  working  papers,  and  finishing  first  drafts  of your  work  in  progress. If  there  is  something  the 
department can do to help you achieve these goals, I hope you will let me know!  
Your teaching and service contributions are more than adequate for an untenured assistant professor. With respect to service, 
your  extensive  reviewing  activity  for  the  top  economics,  finance,  and  business  journals  is  particularly  impressive  and 
noteworthy. You are clearly establishing yourself as a valued voice and thought leader in your area. I am also particularly 
grateful for your service contributions to the department in the past year, particularly your work on the department seminar 
series.  
Thank you very much for your contributions to the Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance and Mays Business School. 
It is a pleasure to work with you! 
 

 
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
 
Please acknowledge receipt of this evaluation by sigining below. Note that your signature does not indicate your 
agreement with the contents of this evaluation. 
 
 
______________________  _____________________ 
Jing Huang    Date 
 
 
Jing Huang (May 29, 2025 11:24 CDT)
Jing Huang
05/29/2025

Huang 2024 Annual Review
Final Audit Report2025-05-29
Created:2025-05-29 (Central Daylight Time)
By:Lauren Gray (laurengray@tamu.edu)
Status:Signed
Transaction ID:CBJCHBCAABAAAR5KLlS39FWe4o2lxw0pY7AXmMu74fdf
Documents:Huang 2024 Annual Review .docx (4 pages)
Number of Documents:1
Document page count:4
Number of supporting files:0
Supporting files page count:0
"Huang 2024 Annual Review" History
Document created by Lauren Gray (laurengray@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 10:27:38 AM CDT
Document emailed to Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu) for signature
2025-05-29 - 10:28:37 AM CDT
Email viewed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:16:22 AM CDT
Agreement viewed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:16:23 AM CDT
Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu) authenticated with Adobe Acrobat Sign.
2025-05-29 - 11:17:03 AM CDT
Document e-signed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
Signature Date: 2025-05-29 - 11:17:03 AM CDT - Time Source: server
Document emailed to Jing Huang (jing.huang@tamu.edu) for signature
2025-05-29 - 11:17:05 AM CDT
Email viewed by Jing Huang (jing.huang@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:17:45 AM CDT
Agreement viewed by Jing Huang (jing.huang@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:19:09 AM CDT

Jing Huang (jing.huang@tamu.edu) authenticated with Adobe Acrobat Sign.
2025-05-29 - 11:24:59 AM CDT
Document e-signed by Jing Huang (jing.huang@tamu.edu)
Signature Date: 2025-05-29 - 11:24:59 AM CDT - Time Source: server
Agreement completed.
2025-05-29 - 11:24:59 AM CDT