

Becker:

I am proud to have colleagues like Becker in INFO. Not only they make significant contributions to the success of our department, but do it while being great and joyful colleagues.
Teaching: Awesome scores. Glad to see all the awards and recognitions.
Service: Thank you all the hard work as MIS Advisor. Impressive list of new services responsibilities.
Service: Thank you so much!
Amazingly high and consistent teaching performance; Great job! Keep up the good work!
Lots of department service and mentoring service activities. Great job on the curriculum redesign committee. Tons of service work.
Teaching: when is this not excellent?
Service: Excellent (no questions on this front)
Always a pleasant as a colleague

 

Rangan:

Rangan is making impactful contributions for the benefit of our undergraduate students as their teacher and mentor. And he always smiles.
Service: Excellent: won Mays Service Award for his personal interest in students, Faculty Senate, various committees, including MS-SCAN committee
Teaching: We appreciate the flexibility and the number of preparations. 
Service: Congratulations on the Mays Service Award.
Teaching: quality could be improved, but high preps
Service:   Thank you so much!
Dedicated to student learning and engagement. He often gets plugged into many different teaching roles. I’m always impressed by what he’s doing for our teaching.
Has always been a team player for educational efforts. Great job on supporting our students.
Teaching: numerical outcomes are not particularly meaningful for such courses
Service: keep up the solid work
Collegiality: always very pleasant
Overall: keep up the good work

Whitten

Whitten is a superman. How does he do all these and do it well in a 24-hour day? He is one of the best contributors to our educational mission. 
MS SCAN leadership, CMIS direction, MS MIS online development
Service: Nice to see involvement in the Flex Online programs and improvements in the CMIS event schedule.
Excellent work for a clinical professor on the research front.
Huge amount of teaching. Random results with respect to student ratings. I’m amazed he is able to accomplish everything he accomplishes.
Lots of service activities. Lots of advising. CMIS co-chair activities. Launching new CMIS workshops. Great LinkedIn efforts. Great outreach efforts. FLEX-Online efforts.
Research (added): Excellent (above-and-beyond)
Teaching: Excellent (as usual)
Service: over-the-top as usual
Collegiality: always a great colleague


