DATE: May 12, 2025

TO: TO: Natalie Allen

Principle Lecturer

FROM: Sean McGuire, Professor and Department Head

James Benjamin Department of Accounting

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Thank you for submitting your annual Professional Activity and
Accomplishment Report this spring. The purpose of this memo is to
provide you with my assessment of your performance during the January 1,
2024 to December 31, 2024 time period. My assessment is based upon the
Mays Guidelines and will be the basis for any department resource
allocation decisions and for the reappointment decision. Following the
Mays Guidelines, the performance categories are excellent, effective,
needs improvement, and unsatisfactory.

I greatly appreciate your significant contributions to our teaching and
student service missions and your positive student evaluations. You are
an incredibly effective teacher. Furthermore, I appreciate your positive
attitude and professionalism. The positive student feedback regarding
your teaching is truly remarkable given the large size of your course
sections and the rigor of the class. It is also remarkable that you are
very effective at teaching both large and small sections. It is notable
that you taught over 3,000 students during the past calendar year. I
also am very grateful your willingness to help our department through
overload teaching when necessary (e.g., teaching in the honors section
of ACCT 230). I appreciate and value your efforts to use current
technology to enhance student engagement and learning (with an emphasis
on critical thinking skills), including attending workshops on ChatGPT
and teaching critical thinking. I also appreciate your overall
leadership in our department given your significant teaching experience.

I am very grateful that you are continuing to serve as the faculty
coordinator for the ACCT 210/ACCT 230 Help Desk as well as your
leadership of our managerial accounting courses (e.g., your service as
committee chair for ACCT 230 textbook adoption). I also appreciate your
investment in our students outside the classroom through your role as a
Faculty Advisor for Business Student Council and Christian Business
Leaders as well as your mentorship of students in general. Thank you
also for representing Mays Business School on the Aggie Way Engagement
Program as well as being a member of the Promotion and Review Committee
for APT Faculty. Your overall service activities are significant and
very appropriate for your position.

AACSB guidelines for accreditation maintenance specify that all faculty
are expected to demonstrate activities that maintain the currency and
relevance of their instruction, and that “all accounting faculty
demonstrate sufficient ongoing professional interaction to support their
role in achieving the unit’s mission.” I believe that your listed
activities for this evaluation period were appropriate. I encourage you
continue to proactively continue to seek opportunities for professional
development and interaction related to your teaching assignments.

Overall, I assess your teaching and service as excellent. I am very
grateful you are part of our department and am so appreciative of the
way that you invest in our students. You impact countless lives as
evidenced by having a study area named in your honor in the Roberts
Building. I endorse your current and long-term professional goals,
especially your continued efforts to develop assessments and activities
for blended courses and continue to employ best practices for your
course. I am also extremely grateful for your understanding and
flexibility as the college continues to work through its curriculum
redesign process. I appreciate your continuing efforts towards the goals
of the department. I cannot adequately express how much I appreciate you
and the extremely positive impact you have on our students and faculty.
I am very grateful to be your colleague! I hope you have an enjoyable
and productive year. Please let me know if you have any questions about
my assessment. To that end, please contact Diana Kruse to schedule a
time to meet with me if you would like to discuss my assessment. Thank
you for everything that you do for our students and department!
