

MAYS BUSINESS SCHOOL 
Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance 
 
 
James R. Brown  
Jeanne & John R. Blocker Chair in Business Administration 
Professor and Department Head 
 
Wehner Building  
4113 TAMU 
College Station, TX 77843-4113 
 
Tel. 979.845.3514   
jrbrown@tamu.edu 
 
 
MEMORANDUM 
 
TO:  Peter Cziraki, Assistant Professor, Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance 
FROM: Jamie Brown, Head, Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance  
SUBJECT: Annual Performance Review: January 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024 
 
Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the performance of all faculty be reviewed on an 
annual basis.  As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the purposes of the annual performance 
review include: 
• Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation recommendations 
• Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is currently performing 
• Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty member’s contribution may be 
enhanced and/or improved in the future 
• Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion and/or tenure as relevant 
 
Further, the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines define four levels of performance for the key dimensions 
across which performance is reviewed. These levels of performance are: 
• Excellent performance: a high level of performance that meets and exceeds norms and expectations and that is 
reflected by substantive indicators of excellence; 
• Effective performance: performance that meets norms and expectations and that is reflected by substantive 
indicators of effective performance; 
• Needs improvement performance: performance that falls below norms and expectations of effective 
performance as reflected by substantive indicators of needs improvement performance; 
• Unsatisfactory performance: performance that falls below norms and expectations of excellent, effective, and 
needs improvement performance as reflected by substantive indicators of unsatisfactory performance. 
 
This letter serves as your performance review for the 2024 calendar year. The following reflects information provided in 
your  Faculty  180  submission.  In  addition, the  tenured  Finance  faculty  had  the  opportunity to  review  your  annual  report 
(containing detailed information about your research, teaching, and service) and current resume and provided me with their 
assessment and feedback.  In the sections below, I first briefly summarize the main contributions you have made in each 
area, present the assessment of the tenured faculty, and provide my own independent assessment. 
 
Jamie Brown (May 29, 2025 11:14 CDT)

 
 
Page 2 of 3 
Research 
Highlights of your research activity during the three-year evaluation window include: 
• One co-authored paper published in the Review of Corporate Finance Studies. 
• One co-authored paper received a revise and resubmit from the Journal of Finance in 2021, which is being 
prepared for resubmission later this year. 
• Two additional working papers. 
• Active participation in quality conferences such as the American Economic Association Annual Meeting and SFS 
Cavalcade and seminars at University of New South Wales, University of Technology Sydney, and Australian 
National University. 
• Just outside of the (2024) evaluation period: i) appointed a member of the European Corporate Governance 
Institute in 2025, and ii) a co-authored paper received a revise and resubmit from the Journal of Financial and 
Quantitative Analysis in February 2025. 
 
Teaching 
• Taught two different MBA courses  
• Received a 3.9 out of 5 rating for instructor effectiveness in Finance for Professional 
• Received excellent teaching evaluations (i.e., 4.67/5 and 4.88/5) in Finance for Professional II  
 
Service   
• Member of the junior faculty recruiting committee   
• Reviewed a total of 17 manuscripts in 2024, including six for top-three finance journals 
 
Tenured Faculty Assessment 
The consensus among the tenured faculty is that your research performance is satisfactory. We are pleased that you received 
a revise-and-resubmit from the Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis in February 2025, which falls just outside the 
current evaluation period. You also have a revise-and-resubmit from the Journal of Finance dating back to 2021. Given that 
this is now over three years old, we strongly encourage you to complete the revision and resubmit it soon. While you already 
have four publications in A- journals, you will need additional publications in top-three finance journals to demonstrate your 
ability to publish at that level. This will be critical for your tenure case to have a realistic chance of success. 
In addition, earning tenure will require you to demonstrate an independent ability to publish in leading journals. While your 
revise-and-resubmit at the Journal of Finance is a positive step, it is also important that you have publications at this level 
with  non-senior  coauthors  to  clearly  establish  your  role  as  the  lead  contributor.  We  therefore  encourage  you  to  prioritize 
projects coauthored with students or junior faculty and to target top-three finance journals. 
As you will see below, six of the tenured faculty rated your teaching performance as “excellent,” and three rated it as 
“satisfactory.” The department appreciates your contribution in teaching two different courses in the MBA program. We also 
appreciate the effort you have put into developing new and challenging courses. 
The  consensus  among  the  tenured  faculty  is  that  your  service  performance  is  excellent.  We  appreciate your  active 
contributions to the department and the profession. In particular, your outstanding efforts in this year’s junior recruiting 
process are highly valued. You are also regarded as an excellent colleague, and your enthusiasm is widely appreciated. The 
tenured faculty noted that you are completing a large number of referee reports each year. While we commend your service 
to the profession, we advise you to reduce your refereeing load and allocate more time to your own research going forward. 
 
 

 
 
Page 3 of 3 
Ratings (votes) from Tenured Faculty 
Research: Effective (9) 
Teaching: Excellent (6), Effective (3) 
Service: Excellent (9) 
As a colleague: Excellent (9) 
 
Department Head Assessment 
I agree with the assessment of the tenured faculty. Congratulations on seeing the RCFS in print! I fully support your goals 
for 2025. Most importantly, you need to move the papers with revise and resubmits toward publication, ideally finalizing 
both the JF and JFQA papers during this calendar year. Please let me know what the department can do to help you meet 
these goals! 
Your  mid-term review  is  scheduled  for  Fall  2026,  which  will  be  here  before  you  know  it.  Converting  the JF paper  and 
moving the other papers forward will put you on track for a favorable mid-term review but given the low acceptance rates 
and long turnaround times at the top journals, you have work to do to build a tenurable record by the time of your mandatory 
P&T review in 2028-29. You have a strong record of publishing in high-quality journals, and you also have an impressive 
record of impact (citations) for an untenured assistant professor. You are also clearly known and appreciated (as a referee) 
by the discipline. However, as the tenured faculty mention, you will also need to publish in the premier (top-three) finance 
journals to meet the tenure expectations at TAMU. Further, while your primary focus should be on publishing your existing 
papers in top-three outlets, please note the feedback from senior faculty on the need to also demonstrate an independent 
ability to publish in the leading journals.  
Your teaching and service contributions are excellent for an untenured assistant professor. I greatly appreciate your active 
engagement in department service,  particularly  related  to tenure-track  hiring.  However,  I  encourage  you  to not let  these 
service activities unnecessarily detract you from moving your own research forward. Similarly, while I know how hard it is 
to  turn  down  referee  requests,  particularly  from  the  top  journals,  I  think  you  are  now  in  a  position  where  you  need  to 
prioritize your own research. 
Thank you very much for your contributions to the Adam C. Sinn ’00 Department of Finance and Mays Business School. 
It is a pleasure to work with you! 
 
 
 
Please acknowledge receipt of this evaluation by sigining below. Note that your signature does not indicate your 
agreement with the contents of this evaluation. 
 
 
______________________  _____________________ 
Peter Cziraki    Date 
 
 
05/30/2025

Cziraki 2024 Annual Review
Final Audit Report2025-05-30
Created:2025-05-29 (Central Daylight Time)
By:Lauren Gray (laurengray@tamu.edu)
Status:Signed
Transaction ID:CBJCHBCAABAAHTIMNbSw-QU-DWDA3KwvyM9yUgEwLN8q
Documents:Cziraki 2024 Annual Review .docx (3 pages)
Number of Documents:1
Document page count:3
Number of supporting files:0
Supporting files page count:0
"Cziraki 2024 Annual Review" History
Document created by Lauren Gray (laurengray@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 10:22:37 AM CDT
Document emailed to Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu) for signature
2025-05-29 - 10:23:45 AM CDT
Email viewed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:14:33 AM CDT
Agreement viewed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
2025-05-29 - 11:14:34 AM CDT
Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu) authenticated with Adobe Acrobat Sign.
2025-05-29 - 11:14:38 AM CDT
Document e-signed by Jamie Brown (jrbrown@tamu.edu)
Signature Date: 2025-05-29 - 11:14:38 AM CDT - Time Source: server
Document emailed to Peter Cziraki (cziraki@tamu.edu) for signature
2025-05-29 - 11:14:40 AM CDT
Email viewed by Peter Cziraki (cziraki@tamu.edu)
2025-05-30 - 9:17:13 PM CDT
Agreement viewed by Peter Cziraki (cziraki@tamu.edu)
2025-05-30 - 9:21:18 PM CDT

Document e-signed by Peter Cziraki (cziraki@tamu.edu)
Signature Date: 2025-05-30 - 9:21:28 PM CDT - Time Source: server
Agreement completed.
2025-05-30 - 9:21:28 PM CDT