DATE: April 23, 2025

TO: Ravi Sen

Associate Professor

FROM: Rich Metters, Head

Department of Information and Operation Management

SUBJECT: Annual Review

Both Texas A&M University and Mays Business School require that the
performance of all tenure-track faculty be reviewed on an annual basis.
As noted in the Mays Faculty Promotion and Tenure Guidelines, the
purposes of the annual performance review include:

· Creating a sound and logical basis for merit compensation
recommendations

· Providing evaluative feedback regarding how well the individual is
currently performing

· Providing developmental feedback regarding areas where the faculty
member’s contribution may be enhanced and/or improved in the future

· Providing feedback regarding progress toward promotion

The departmental faculty at Full Professor rank had the opportunity to
review your annual report (containing detailed information about your
teaching, research, and service) and current résumé and provided me with
their assessment. After your performance was discussed at the meeting,
each faculty member present anonymously completed a performance review
form. This form requested an assessment of your research, teaching,
service, value as a colleague, and overall performance (copy attached).
In addition, open-ended comments were solicited.

Below is an abbreviated summary of the main contributions you have made
in each area.

Research

-   Two manuscripts published at the high quality journals JMIS and JMR,
    as well as two articles in CAIS

-   Several works presented at conferences

-   Several manuscripts in process

-   Grants funded

Teaching

-   MS program teaching, most courses with student ratings near the
    departmental median

Service

-   Hiring committee, scholarship committee

-   AE for DSS

-   Active externally on journal reviewing and conference activity.

-   Media

-   MS-MIS admissions

Full Professor Faculty Assessment

NOTE: we have been given instructions from the dean’s office that the
category “Excellent” is to be used sparingly, unlike prior years.

Written comments from the faculty

Research

Effective/Excellent

Effective (5)

Needs improvement (2)

Teaching

Excellent

Effective (7)

Service

Effective (4)

Needs improvement (4)

As a colleague

Excellent (4)

Effective (2)

Overall

Effective (3)

Needs Improvement (2)

Comments and feedback

Research: would like to see more completed papers, i.e., more under
review

Teaching is improved

Service: editorial service would help.

Research: nice to see an active pipeline.

Teaching: Nice to see that evaluations have stabilized and this higher
lever.

Service: Needs improvement to be considered for promotion.

Last three years (2022-2024), Ravi published three papers. One is
published in reputable Journal: JIMS (1). He has a good pipeline of
work-in-progress research. It is good to observe that he is trying to
publish in top IS journals.

Student teaching rating are very good

several service activities are performed at INFO.

Cybersecurity one of his research area. Ravi is frequently invited to
share his research expertise in data breach incidents, digital
footprints, and darknet markets at conferences, at seminars, on radio
programs, and on news channels. Keep up the good work. We encourage Ravi
to publish also in top-tier IS journals such as ISR, MISQ.

Ravi is building a strong reputation in cyber security. He is a skilled
colleague with the potential to make significant scholarly
contributions. He should focus his energy on getting the two articles
currently in progress published in the top IS journals.

Should increase research success in A publications

Service: more activity needed as a senior faculty member

Research: Effective (due to the potentially promising pipeline)

Service: not much going on here

Always collegial

Overall: Needs improvement if you wish to seek another run at promotion

Department Head Assessment

I certify your performance according to Mays’ standards as

Effective in research

Effective in teaching

Effective in service

The standard our dean has set for obtaining two months of summer salary
support is two publications in the Mays list of top journals in five
years. You published in JMR (2022) and POM (2020) within the five year
period, so you qualify. I understand that from your perspective your
publications in JMIS, a highly regarded journal, and a top journal at a
quarter of our peer schools, are ignored by this formula.

Note that in years past, your level of research output would have been
rated as “Excellent.” But, you are in a highly productive department
where 18 faculty have had two or more “A” journal articles, and 13
faculty have 3 or more “A” plus “A-“ journal articles, in the past three
years.

Your teaching results have become positive. Overall student evaluations
are consistent with the departmental mean – if the course where you had
an extremely low response rate is set aside.

Some faculty have commented that your service needs to be improved. The
focus on top journals also extends to editorial positions. Nearly all
our tenured faculty have editorial positions at “A” journals. I
encourage you to try. Your editorial work at DSS is noted. You have
published in POM, which has a strong IS department. Perhaps that is a
fit for you. Your service with the MS-MIS program is invaluable. The
rest of us simply do not have the domain knowledge to evaluate Indian
applicants. If there was some way you could find to advertise our
program more broadly within the Indian community, that would be greatly
appreciated.

If you wish, let us meet and discuss your review.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| I have reviewed this performance evaluation. My signature means that |
| I have been advised of my performance status and does not            |
| necessarily imply that I agree with this evaluation. Please sign and |
| return to Donna Shumaker.                                            |
|                                                                      |
| ________________________                                             |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

Form filled out by each Full Professor faculty member

Annual performance review: Associate Professors

Faculty being reviewed:

Please rate this individual’s performance along each dimension. Under
Mays guidelines rating descriptors are: “Excellent” “Effective” “Needs
Improvement” “Unsatisfactory”.

Research

Teaching

Service

As a colleague

Overall
